hi everyone it's me Nikki here with a
five minute crock-pot dish I'm going to
make a flan in a crock pot this is
actually a collaboration video with any
simple life and I want to thank her for
inviting me to this collab and also the
channel OCD much is joining us on this
collab so I'll put both of the channels
below in the description box so
definitely check out their five minute
crock-pot dishes so let's get started
okay so one of the requirements is that
we show you a dish in which you can get
into your crock-pot within 5 minutes and
so what you're going to need is you're
going to need these ramekins for my dish
and what is going to happen is I'm going
to see if they fit into my crock pot
because I want to make four of them and
the fourth one doesn't fit to the bottom
but that's totally fine it's totally
going to work so let's move into the
ingredients you're going to need
sweetened condensed milk a 14 ounce can
you also are going to need whole milk or
2% milk either one will work and it's 14
ounces that you need along with 3 large
eggs and then some smokers toppings or
any Carmel flavor topping the truth of
your choice and I'm going to tweak this
recipe a little bit and add this ground
vanilla from Madagascar that I got in my
globin box one of my subscribers when I
show the the basket they said you know
why don't you do a flan with that so I
think my subscriber for inspiring this
recipe so let's get started
so in a bowl what you want to do is you
want to add in the entire can that whole
14 ounces of that sweetened condensed
milk and then what you're going to do is
you're going to take that can and you're
simply going to add in your regular milk
your whole milk or 2% whatever you
choose into the can because you're also
adding in 14 ounces and you might as
well use the can to get the perfect
measurement along with it'll clean out
the rest of the little bit of condensed
milk that is in there
we then add in all three of our eggs and
from that point you simply are going to
take your whisk and you're gonna whisk
it well now when you whisk you want to
just make sure you blend it well until
the condensed milk is thinned out and
everything is just kind of combined very
well
I've then pour my mixture into a glass
Pyrex measuring cup to make it easier to
pour into my ramekin to prep the ramekin
I take the Carmel flavored topping and I
pour it in about a tablespoon in the
bottom of each ramekin
now when you pour it in the ramekin you
want the entire bottom to be coated so I
basically put the tablespoon in and then
I kind of just twirl it around just so
that bottom and around the edges can be
coated so that when I flip my flying out
I have all that beautiful yummy caramel
just overflowing I love that so then
you're going to pour your mixture on top
into your ramekin and you want to go to
that inner lip don't go beyond that
because that's the perfect height for
your filler you're now ready to put it
in your crock pot but first what you
want to do is you want to put about a
half an inch of water into your crock
pot then you set the ramekins in there
now remember that that fourth ramekin is
going to be lifted a little bit because
my besides in my crock pot can only fit
three perfectly and then that fourth
ones on top is fine you put the lid on
there you're going to cook it on high
for two hours and from that point you'll
start to see it bubble up when you see
kind of it lifted up you know that it's
done after two hours this is how it's
going to look and so then you take it
out gently with some mint so you don't
burn yourself but you take it out put it
in our rack in your refrigerator for
about two hours to let it set and then
when you do that you have the perfect
flan ready to go this is such a neat
dish to do if you having a dinner party
or just for some a couple friends coming
over you can really impress them with it
and it absolutely has to have coffee
with it because they complement each
other beautifully and I want to thank my
subscriber who recommended this recipe
to me when I had showed the vanilla
flavoring because it was such a perfect
perfect one for me to do and I loved
that I was able to do the crock-pot one
but I actually found the recipe from
magical slow cooker calm i'll put their
link below now one thing when you're
serving up you want to take your knife
and you want to break the flan away from
the ramekin so gently take a knife and
just go around the edge flip it over on
a plate and tap it down and you have a
beautiful flan and i'm telling you this
it's so delicious I put no creamer sugar
in my coffee because the sweetness of
this was just perfect with the just
black coffee to me I just love that you
know it was really delicious and so easy
and this is Nikki saying goodbye